document drop in support for nodejs (#24415)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/opentelemetry/interoperability/instrumentation_libraries.md

{{% /tab %}}

{{% tab "Node.js" %}}

## Compatibility requirements

The Datadog Node.js SDK supports library [instrumentations][17] using the OpenTelemetry Node.js Trace API. Follow the detailed setup and example below to instrument a sample application.

## Setup

 1. Follow the instructions in the "Imports and Setup" sections of the [Node.js Custom Instrumentation using OpenTelemetry API][18] page.

>  2. Complete the steps for instrumenting your service with your selected `opentelemetry-js-contrib` library.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 2. Follow the steps for instrumenting your service with your chosen `opentelemetry-js-contrib` library.
```
Nothing wrong with the way this was--just adjusting to match the other tabs. 😄

const provider = new TracerProvider()
provider.register()

const { registerInstrumentations } = require('@opentelemetry/instrumentation')
const { HttpInstrumentation } = require('@opentelemetry/instrumentation-http')
const { ExpressInstrumentation } = require('@opentelemetry/instrumentation-express')

// Register the instrumentation with the Datadog trace provider
// and the OpenTelemetry instrumentation of your choice
registerInstrumentations({
  instrumentations: [
    new HttpInstrumentation({
      ignoreIncomingRequestHook (req) {
        // Ignore spans created from requests to the agent
        return req.path === '/v0.4/traces' || req.path === '/v0.7/config' ||
        req.path === '/telemetry/proxy/api/v2/apmtelemetry'
      },
      ignoreOutgoingRequestHook (req) {
        // Ignore spans created from requests to the agent
        return req.path === '/v0.4/traces' || req.path === '/v0.7/config' ||
        req.path === '/telemetry/proxy/api/v2/apmtelemetry'
      }
    }),
    new ExpressInstrumentation()
  ],
  tracerProvider: provider
})

const express = require('express')
const http = require('http')

// app code below ....
```

## Configuration

> While not mandatory, it is recommended to disable the corresponding Datadog instrumentation to avoid duplicate spans.
> 
> To do this, launch your application with the DD_TRACE_DISABLED_INSTRUMENTATIONS environment variable set to a comma-separated list of integration names to disable. For this application, you would use: DD_TRACE_DISABLED_INSTRUMENTATIONS=http,dns,express,net.

Reviewer: `````suggestion
To avoid duplicate spans, disable the corresponding Datadog instrumentations.

Set the `DD_TRACE_DISABLED_INSTRUMENTATIONS` environment variable to a comma-separated list of integration names to disable. For example, to disable Datadog instrumentations for the libraries used in the Setup example, set the following:

```sh
DD_TRACE_DISABLED_INSTRUMENTATIONS=http,dns,express,net
```
`````

{{% /tab %}}

{{% tab "NodeJS" %}}

## Compatibility requirements

The Datadog Node.js SDK supports library [instrumentations][13] using the OpenTelemetry Node.js Trace API.

Follow the detailed setup & example below for instrumenting a sample application 

## Setup

> <<<<<<< HEAD
> {{% /tab %}} -->
> =======
>  1. Follow the instructions in the Imports and Setup sections of the [Nodejs Custom Instrumentation using OpenTelemetry API][14] page.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
 1. Follow the instructions in the Imports and Setup sections of the [Nodejs Custom Instrumentation using OpenTelemetry API][14] page.
```

        req.path === '/telemetry/proxy/api/v2/apmtelemetry'
      },
      ignoreOutgoingRequestHook (req) {
        // Ignore spans created from requests to the agent
        return req.path === '/v0.4/traces' || req.path === '/v0.7/config' ||
        req.path === '/telemetry/proxy/api/v2/apmtelemetry'
      }
    }),
    new ExpressInstrumentation()
  ],
  tracerProvider: provider
})

const express = require('express')
const http = require('http')

// app code below ....
```

## Configuration

While it's not required, we highly recommend disabling the corresponding Datadog instrumentation to prevent users from receiving duplicate spans

To achieve this, launch your application with the `DD_TRACE_DISABLED_INSTRUMENTATIONS` environment variable set to a comma-separated list of integration names to disable. For example, for this application, you would use: `DD_TRACE_DISABLED_INSTRUMENTATIONS=http,dns,express,net`

[13]: https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-js-contrib/tree/main/metapackages/auto-instrumentations-node#supported-instrumentations
[14]: /tracing/trace_collection/custom_instrumentation/otel_instrumentation/nodejs/#setup

> {{% /tab %}}
> >>>>>>> e2b1c9f031 (document drop in support for nodejs)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
{{% /tab %}}
```
